From today still a new German series
on TV and that's about it now
among those to other families only
a family tree
my family also has a criminal record
but I am one with the police
confusion that's the shit
truth my family never
would cope with first policeman in approximately
the crowd of mates
I did not know what to do for me
have heard that will determine
it is an understatement
my task is the karma of the family
improve
where is the floors i need urgently
I do not know what to turn an ad
now we find it so funny we are
the debts
here is the sphincter of the
society opportunity
if that kills then family yes
I already hear one or the other
say europe looks like a typical one
German series not so my thing yes that
I thought so easy, namely 23
people have seen I have to say the
sweet comes different fast
cut and especially entertained
therefore sinking always starts from today
Tuesdays in the ard at 18 o'clock 50 and
wait with costa do rego as
main actress on one of the
family schulz the betty schulz plays
the problem is only with family schulz
they are all crooks that is you
they can somehow manage it for life
to stay afloat with the
crime and like to make illegal
Things about it are easy
a lot of money and, above all, knew that
that certain portion of thrill only
A rule in the direction of drugs you want
nothing to do has the kind of good
ghana family if that's what you are
situated in bremen but betty is one
This is a bit of a black sheep
or he the white sheep under the
black sheep because she becomes the
police or is the police only
they can not confess their families
that I have to keep you a constant
but double lives lead as I do afterwards
always thought that the machinations
the family and her the police
Cross over is clear
maybe I have to somehow one
Doppelagentin play on both sides
and then the series will be like me
really a bit of the basic idea
different if you look especially German
production looks and above all, it is
also very entertaining, clearly that is here
No mafia series is not about sex
and blood and drugs that of it at all
do not expect it is one
eve series with entertainment factor
and of course, at the ard too
exactly in this niche sting where
once berlin berlin or turkish
ran for beginners and there you can only
hope that this audience now
but exists and not only as in the
internet should be on the go though
Do not be surprised if the call numbers on
the mediathek of the series almost exactly the same
we should be high on TV
and I have to say under ghana is one
4 moment really fast fine and sweet
cut and above all, it is such a
small series but so fast
always construct the plot
does not come and so I have to say
I find the basic idea really sweet and
not just for a German
production really could
little secret will I hope that
there is not only a second season
because it's just a nice story
because I like it again and again
great if you are from germany
looks great and different fabrics because
there was nothing nicer too
in this country gets some things
so please have a look and leave
me know what you say to the series
and write in the comments and that
was here a little recommendation on
edge
series are not subject to me
evaluation but that remains as yet
say I'm at the end of my video
leave a thumbs up if this video
made
let it stay if not otherwise
you know that you turn it around left again
me around and tomorrow 15 clock of course
at the latest a new video and until then
I hope you are with us again
of course at 3